# Data-Vizzes-using-R-ggplot2-
This repository contains projects in which I rely on data visualization to accomplish my task. Below is a list of projects, their descriptions, and links to preview an R notebook. It also contains many stand-alone graphs and the corresponding R code used to create them. The data used to create this graph (ANES &amp; QOG) can also be found in the repository. 

Disgust Validation:
https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/gcm1991/Data-Vizzes-using-R-ggplot2-/blob/main/Disgust%20Validation%20(Data%20Visualization).nb.html

In this project I have a questionairre that is designed to pick up on different kinds of prejudice. I theorize that disgust and threat are distinct components of prejudice. I develop a questionairre that is designed to disentangle these. To validate my questionairre a created a within subject experiment in which respondents would see three different hypothetical individuals. One individual was described as an undergraduate at Rice and served as a member of the 'ingroup' or experimental control. The other two individuals were described as being violent or having an infection, respectively. Respondents answered my questionairre for all three individuals. In order to disentangle different kinds of prejudice I predicted that different individuals (infected vs. violent) would evoke different prejudices. I am thus looking for questions in which respondents give very different answers depending on the status of the target. I do this primarily through whisker plots. 
